that is man the whole danton of I take
it side
I can't wait to be with you I'll sneak
over as soon as Ross picks up Ben I'll
just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing
laundry for a couple hours laundry huh
is that my new nickname ah you know what
your nickname is mr. big
John do you have a minute dude what am I
got Rachel's here so good luck man let
me know how it works out Oh
Joey I have such a problem uh well your
timing couldn't be better I am putting
out fires all over the place okay okay
Joey I have got to tell you something
what what is it what is it oh my god
it's so huge but you just have to
promise me you cannot tell anyone no no
no no I don't want to know yes yes you
do want to know this is unbelievable I
don't care Rache look I am tired of
being the guy who knows all the secrets
and can't tell anyone what secrets you
know secrets what are they and you're
not supposed to be gossip babe I know I
just can't keep this one in so I pick up
the phone
I'm not listening to you are
ah
okay know that everything's wrapped up
here I think I'm gonna go do my laundry
Miami - you know if this shirt is dirty
yep I'm gonna go to the airport I figure
if I hang around there long enough
someone's bound to leave one of those
planes unattended luck anytime hey Joey
remember that big thing I was gonna tell
you about oh I'm not gonna tell you but
if you found out on your own that would
be okay and then we could talk about it
right well then it wouldn't be a secret
so yeah that would be okay yeah yeah
yeah what
hey yeah John would you mind going over
into Chandler's bedroom and getting that
book back that he barked for me
now you want me to go over there now do
you know something do you know something
I might know something I might know
something - what's the thing you know oh
no I can't tell you and you tell me what
you know I can't tell you what I know
well then I can't tell you what I know
okay fun you don't know I go over there
and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom
and I will see the thing that I think
that I know is actually the thing I
think that I no no chiller and Monica oh
this is unbelievable you know too long
oh god Rick I've been dying to talk to
someone about what listen you can't say
anything to anybody they're so weird
about that listen
straining I don't like to fly in the
rain so oh I am gonna go for a walk in
the rain
it's weird I bet they're doing it